[Music]
it's 12 13 14 chapters throughout the
northeast of the United States all did
another dose of voices and that seemed
like a pretty big deal which it was but
this week 80 of the 85 active chapters
in anonymous moisés in Italy all leaving
anonymous for the voiceless and it's
just not happening in Italy or the
northeast part of the United States like
there's reports that this is gonna start
spreading across the best crystal United
States we've already seen it happen in
Germany we've already seen it happen in
the Netherlands we're seeing regional
and national organizers around the world
all leaving anonymous of the voices I
feel like anonymous for the voiceless is
constantly at the forefront of these
3-minute Thursday's and it's not my
intention to just constantly point
fingers at them but when this sinking
ship is sinking as fast as it is I feel
like it almost needs its own like
segment like it's not even part of
three-minute Thursday so it's like
there's the AV update right and then
like maybe it has like a logo or some
sort of like animation
you know something like that you know
this past week we seen more and more
chapters and more and more organizers
leaving anonymous for the voiceless I
mean they're like scrambling to do crowd
control but also letting their social
media people run the wild but these like
we're having ideas where everyone's like
what are you talking about I mean it is
it's kind of comical so AV announced
last week that they were no longer gonna
do the tally we're going to remove the
tally
everyone knows the anima nonnamous for
the voiceless cube the truth you then
tally up how many people you've got to
go vegan or think about veganism and
those are your conversions and then you
Kali those up and you send them off to
anonymous for the voices so they can put
up this big huge fantastical number that
means absolutely nothing but as easy to
fundraise off of so last year they said
they're up to 500,000 people they've
converted to veganism but then quietly
they changed its 250,000 they just
apparently lost 250,000 people well we
decided in half but they said that
because they didn't think the number was
very realistic and I agree with them it
wasn't very realistic the Italian itself
isn't very realistic and this year
they've decided that Kali shouldn't even
exist why because it means absolutely
nothing even according to Paul and us
all they said that people were just kind
of fabricating them and making them up
but it also kind of indicates that you
really have no idea of what you're doing
is working or not which is really the
biggest problem in all of this and
that's why the Kali doesn't work and
that's why anonymous for the voiceless
doesn't work educational outreach
critical tactic awful strategy that's
not confused the two so we were talking
we just did a video responding to Joey
carb strong and one issue that came out
of that it's mentioned very briefly in
that video is that in fact when we as
vegans refused to buy meat we do not
save the lives of any animals even
though as a propaganda statement as a
promotional statement as an ideological
statement many vegans will say I am
vegan
for the animals or I am vegan to save
the lives of animals and it's a lot of
websites will tell you as a statement of
fact that if you are vegan you save
maybe four cows a year and so many fish
per year and some of you that you are
receiving animal lives so what came up
in the last video we did is that this is
not true it may be useful as a
propaganda claim but what actually
happens in a free-market society is that
if you and I as individuals refuse to
buy meat the price of meat comes down it
makes me cheaper and more readily
available for meat-eaters so that's true
if just you and I just a few people
boycott need the only impact we can have
from the boycott itself in terms of
supply and demand is making me cheaper
because there's there's less demand it's
seen I'm gonna supply out there right
but even when you scale it up even if
you're talking about vegans in their
thousands vegans in the tens of
thousands and vegans in the hundreds of
thousands all we are doing by boycotting
those industries is making their
products cheaper and more readily
available if you want to scale it all
the way up look at an enormous country
like India this really puts the lie to
the claim that reduce it Aryans are
saving animal lives India has millions
and tens of millions of people who are
variously vegetarian vegan reduce it
Aryan somewhere on that end of the
spectrum the cows are still getting
their throats that it doesn't eliminate
the meat industry and you can do the
math you can very easily do economic
projections if everyone in India ate
meat then what would happen to the price
and availability meat would become
scarce in terms of supply and demand
meat would become more expensive if
suddenly everyone in India ceased being
vegetarian right so on up on a large
scale it doesn't stop the cycle of
exploitation and suffering I think this
came as a surprise to you when we
mentioned the last video you said
afterwards no I never thought of it that
way before
that we're not saving the lives of
animals and finally to push back against
all those terrible and our sanctions
which is basically their term for anyone
that cares
anything besides non-human animals they
posted this weird bizarre meme that says
before you can liberate me can I check
what your political stances in your
human societal construct and AV rights
take it from us the animals don't give
us the policy they probably wouldn't
care if the person taking them out of
cage and bringing them to the freedom
was vegan vegetarian or an omnivore I
don't think they would care as long as
they're not being killed at the other
day right I come from a family where one
dairy is cheap they're like you know my
parents are like I buy a bunch of milk
you know like wait so I can totally see
that being the case like my price goes
down that doesn't mean that there will
be less demands demand or maybe even
more so this also happens just due to
price shocks sometimes without vegans
being a factor you know the less than 1%
of people were vegan or whatever the the
price of milk goes up and down the price
of specific type of meat like pork or
beef goes up or down however even when
there is some kind of big dislocation in
the market like there's a big economic
crisis or a recession or a depression or
a war breaks out these are things on a
huge scale that can suddenly cause me to
become more expensive or more cheap to
you know sudden dislocations market this
also never saves the life of even one
animal alright I just want to I want to
emphasize this because many vegans will
evade this point they'll say well that
may be true on a large scale you're
talking about supply and demand the
price go up and down but still somehow
me personally by me refusing to eat meat
at this table there's one cow somewhere
at one factory who's not being killed no
there isn't
you as of one vegan and we as a hundred
thousand vegans we can never have as
much impact as a recession like the 2008
recession sudden economic change or of a
break of a huge war we can never have
that kind of impact on the on the market
on the economy in the absolute nor on
the meat industry specifically however
even when that happens even when there's
a sudden dislocation so she's talking
about her parents go to the store and
suddenly find for some reason dairy
products are cheaper
you know who knows why there's some
temporary some temporary market feature
that's that's caused this to happen when
it is not profitable to raise slaughter
and sell the animals they kill them and
put them in a ditch some of you know
exactly what I'm talking about if you've
any experience in the meat industry or
on farms would have you it is true in
Canada this happen repeatedly during my
lifetime
the price the market price of pork drops
so low that farmers cull their pigs that
they kill them without sending them to a
slaughterhouse
so even when I have even if the price so
again yes you can lower the price but
being vegan
yes hundred thousand vegans come with
rice but when you lower it more it
doesn't save the life of one Pig they
don't say oh well you know what pigs are
so cheap now I'm gonna take this pig and
release it into the forest no they call
those pigs
sometimes through gassing sometimes
through bullets so instant cruel methods
like starvation that's actually an issue
in Canada is trying to enforce against
cruel myths because they can just you
know not feed them with them let them
starve to death the farm and of course
this is obviously I've just said this
about pigs but cows yeah even deer so
the price can go up and down and then
suddenly that it's get rid of a bunch of
deer and so on says well it's not worth
raising these deer the felt of their
horns is is valuable yeah as well as
their meat they do also sell venison but
you can imagine the venison market the
price can go up and down quite
unexpectedly and so on not because so
yeah
culling those em so this is one reality
no you as a vegan have not saved even
one animal through your diet you as a
vegan have not saved one animal by
banning this material and I have to put
in as a footnote it's possible you've
saved an animal by swimming into a pond
and rescuing an animal when it was
drowning or climbing up a tree and
recipe an animal from a tree I'm not
saying you've never saved an animal's
life you may have hands-on in that sense
but the the economic function of the
boycott does not save lives it's a lie
but if we want to talk about what the
animals want is that they want
liberation then the last thing I think
they want is leadership of an
organization saying what we're doing
isn't really working and we have no way
to measure it but we're pretty sure
hearts and minds and planting seeds is
gonna work somewhere down the road at
some point in someone's life that
they're cogs are going to change and
they
we'll start shifting and so forth and so
on and maybe things will start to change
down the road do you think that's what
the animals want does just sit there and
be like that's f chicken said watch ISM
yeah we got plenty of time here bud just
plant those seeds and stuff will grow
and eventually things will work out for
us good idea the economic function of
the boycott does not save lives it's a
lie it's a propaganda lie and I've said
this about why I quit Buddhism I don't
want to be part of a religion that's
built on a lie I don't want to convert
other people who are religion through
lying to them I don't want to be part of
a political movement that's built on a
lie same kind of reasoning for me and
I'm not gonna lie I don't lie to others
not a lot of myself so whenever I see
those charts saying the number of lives
you've saved this year by being vegan or
how many lives you save I say no and
again we can look at real world examples
Taiwan Israel India these are countries
with big vegan populations those are
probably the three biggest
proportionally and no it doesn't save a
single life think about strategy think
about tactics think about how they're
different and think about how they're
used to enhance one another it's not
like I would go back to eating meat
after you know finding this out like you
really think about it more tonight like
like now that I realize that I'm not
saving animal animal's life I know it's
not like I'm gonna go back to buying
meat right right because I do feel like
that is contributing like I mean other
than personal purity like what is well I
think I think there are two things here
one is about doing the right thing
because it's the right thing to do you
know what I mean
that's that's a fundamental question so
we have some fancy electronics here you
know if you can buy this st. this is a
portable speaker if you can buy this
made by slaves or say no I refuse to
support the slave industry you're
symbolic act is to refuse to support
slavery it's a choice and in politics
I'm going to come back to this symbolic
actions matter you know when I was
involved in Cambodian politics watching
politics in places like Cambodia Laos
much more closely Cambodia had a sham
election an election that was not
legitimate and was controlled by the
government
and I remember banging my hand on the
desk and saying why don't the Japanese
closed their embassy one of the Japanese
lower their flag
I don't expect Japan to invade Cambodia
you know it's ridiculous
I don't expect Japan to even cut off
trade with Cambodia but lowering your
flag and making a public statement these
elections were not legitimate that's
powerful and important and it is
symbolic in in the English language some
people are watching this video we always
say merely symbolic you think symbolic
is nothing you think it's merely
symbolic no it wouldn't matter if the
government of Japan stood up and said
hey we know the difference between a
legitimate election and a fake one and
this is a fake election and your
government has no legitimacy that
matters in politics okay and it matters
when people stand up and say look this
is a nice electronic trinket but I don't
want it if it's made by children or
slaves or prisoners no prison labor is
another issue I'm gonna draw the line
somewhere you know that can be the start
of a political process but the boycott
in itself doesn't have any of those
outcomes right it's the start it's the
first step but the point is it's only
the first step and what's absolutely
necessary after that is exactly
political militant to militate for real
political change leather is not going to
be produced at the same price if the
government isn't subsidizing dairy veal
isn't gonna be available at the same
price and with the same quantity and
regularly regularity without the
government supporting dairy so these
things are linked if you take one brick
out of the wall the whole wall gets
weaker and in the process of militating
as I say for political change of
organizing and demanding that kind of
political change you galvanize your
whole society you you challenge cultural
values things start to change in all
kinds of ways tangible and intangible we
can start this kind of process of
engineering social change without
throwing anyone in prison it's not gonna
be like the drug war it's not gonna be
like cracking down on opium and cocaine
users we're not going to be throwing
people in prison because they're they're
smoking you
you know I mean but we can start that
step-by-step so yeah for us as a
community as a would be community for us
as a movement or a proto movement
defining yourself through that boycott
see their refusal to buy meat and dairy
it's important it's meaningful it gives
us a sense of identity and purpose but
that's all it does and now if you want
change you got to go out and get it
[Music]